Improve SSH and Server Manager access (#499)
NethServer/docs: administrator-manual/en/base_system2.rst

section the administrator can change the OpenSSH listening port, disable root
login and password authentication.

> By default, SSH access is limited to ``root`` user and all users inside the designed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, SSH access is limited to ``root`` user and all users inside the designated
```

administrative group (``Domain Admins``).
It is possible to selectively grant SSH and :index:`SFTP` access to some groups,
while administrators are always granted access to SSH and SFTP.

SSH and SFTP permissions are available once the :guilabel:`System > Settings >
Shell policy > Override the shell of users` has been enabled.
If :guilabel:`Override the shell of users` is disabled, only users with :guilabel:`Shell`

> option can access the Server Manager, no delegation is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
option can access the Server Manager, and delegation is not required any more.
```

Reviewer 3: I agree with @DavidePrincipi, the rest is fine
